README.md, before:

# ULTIMATE CAROUSEL

## To-Do

### CRITICAL

### - ~set minimum sliderSpace to 20 (for the sake of the mask)~

### - Cross-browser compatibility

### - double check all options are being validated properly

### - double check all logical required options are being set

### - ~recode UC class two accept two sets of options, desktop and mobile~

### - FINAL THOROUGH TESTING & CLEANUP FOR FIRST STABLE BETA

### OPTIONAL

### - allow for multiple sets of sliders to be created with the same options

### - allow for more than 5 maxSlidesShown

### - tweak active state for perimeter slides to be more accurate

### - throw error if non existent option is entered

### - limit perimeter slide percentage shown to the width of the next slide

### - option to show a bit of the next/previous slide

### - responsiveAdjust between desktop and mobile options on screen resize (currently only works on load)

### - ADVANCED ADA compliance

### - Option to Fade In/Out instead of slide

### - Clickable indicators

### - Slides scrolled per click option

### - Complete Warning Handling

### - Lazy image loading option

### - Adaptive height option

### - ADVANCED Swipe to scroll on mobile

### - Tabbed slider option

### - Arrows options

## Errors

Commit message:

Beta v0.1.0 final tweaks and cleanup

README.md, after:

# ULTIMATE CAROUSEL

## ABOUT

This is a beta version of a carousel library built for the purposes of the [Enrollify website](https://www.enrollify.org/). While this library has been tested and is currently feature complete, bugs may still exist and more through testing and optimization is required. For the sake of time however, this has been moved to production.

Currently no documentation exists and while it was built with other users in mind, some stylistic elements are Enrollify specific and do not currently have the option of being updated. Additional features are already in progress and documentation will eventually be published alongside the official release of v1.0.0. Timeline yet to be determined.

Currently the only stable release is v.0.1.0-beta.

## To-Do

### CRITICAL

### OPTIONAL

- ADVANCED ADA compliance

- ADVANCED cross browser compatibility

- ADVANCED responsiveness

- ADVANCED Swipe to scroll on mobile

- Fade In/Out behavior

- Tabbed slider layout

- Slides scrolled per click option

- Clickable indicator dots

- Arrow types options

- Indicator dots style options

- Adaptive height option

- Complete Warning Handling

- Lazy image loading option

- Allow for sets of carousels to be created with the same options

- Allow for more than 5 maxSlidesShown

- Tweak active state for perimeter slides to be more accurate

- Throw error if non existent option is entered

- Limit perimeter slide percentage shown to the width of the next slide

- ResponsiveAdjust between desktop and mobile options on screen resize (currently only works on load)

## Errors
